Updated README and renamed license filename (#3)
schneider-electric/node-red-contrib-edgex-connector: README.md

### 2. Installing with npm
1. If Node-RED is already installed locally, then run the following commands:
```bash
cd ~/.node-red
npm install node-red-contrib-edgex-connector
```

2. Then restart Node-RED. The EdgeX node will appear in the Node-RED palette.

> **Note:** If you encounter an `EACCES: permission denied` error:  
> - **Linux/macOS:** Re-run the command with `sudo`.
> - **Windows:** Do **not** use `sudo`. Instead, open Command Prompt with administrative privileges.

### 3. Installing with Docker
1. If Node-RED is running via Docker, then run the following commands:

```bash
docker ps -a --filter="name=<node-red container-name>"
docker exec -it <node-red container-id> npm install node-red-contrib-edgex-connector
```

## Using the Pre-Installed `node-red-contrib-edgex-connector` Docker Compose

There is a separate Docker Compose setup that comes with the `node-red-contrib-edgex-connector` module pre-installed. Please follow the instructions provided [here](./docker/README.md).

## Maintainers

- [Chirantan Ghosh](https://github.com/chirantanghosh-se)
- [Mickael Gouet](https://github.com/mickaelgouet-se)

## License

> This project is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](./LICENSE).

Reviewer: The readme is missing 
1. changing token file permissions is secured mode.
2. Read/Write/subscribe usage.
3. Gif help file for configuraing the node

Author: Yes, the GIF should be under docs/assets now. I would appreciate it if, after the merge, could you please move into that folder.

Also, the GIF is using Modbus as an example, correct? To do that, did you follow this guide: https://docs.edgexfoundry.org/3.1/microservices/device/services/device-modbus/GettingStarted/

And yes, I will now update the R/W/S mode and the Token approach.

Author: I've updated it; please review.

# Node-RED Connector for EdgeX

> This Node-RED Connector allows you to seamlessly connect Node-RED flows with [EdgeX Foundry](https://github.com/edgexfoundry) devices and services. It enables you to _read, write, and subscribe_ to device resources while securely managing credentials through [EdgeX Vault](https://docs.edgexfoundry.org/3.2/security/Ch-SecretStore/). Both __secured and unsecured__ modes are supported.

Reviewer 2: `3.2` is technically not an EdgeX version - it was renamed to `4.0` prior to release.

```suggestion
This Node-RED Connector allows you to seamlessly connect Node-RED flows with [EdgeX Foundry](https://github.com/edgexfoundry) devices and services. It enables you to _read, write, and subscribe_ to device resources while securely managing credentials through [EdgeX Vault](https://docs.edgexfoundry.org/4.0/security/Ch-SecretStore/). Both __secured and unsecured__ modes are supported.
```

There is a separate Docker Compose setup that comes with the `node-red-contrib-edgex-connector` module pre-installed. Please follow the instructions provided [here](./docker/README.md).

## Usage

The Node-RED connector supports three operation modes for interacting with EdgeX Foundry devices and services: **Read**, **Subscribe**, and **Write**.  

### Read Mode
- Fetches the latest data from selected device resources.  
- Multiple resources can be selected, and each will appear as a separate output port.
- If a device command is selected, all resources within that command are exposed as outputs.
- Output ports are labeled with their corresponding resource names.
- Typically triggered using an **Inject** node.

### Subscribe Mode
- Subscribes to real-time events from device resources via the EdgeX **MQTT** message bus.
- If a device command is selected, all resources within that command are exposed as outputs.
- Output ports are labeled with their corresponding resource names.
- Can also be activated using an **Inject** node.

### Write Mode
- Sends values to a single device resource.
- The input port is labeled with the selected resource name.

> - The node expects `msg.payload` in **JSON Object format**, where keys are resource names and values are the data to write.

Reviewer 2: JSON already stands for `JavaScript Object Notation`

```suggestion
- The node expects `msg.payload` in **JSON format**, where keys are resource names and values are the data to write.
```
